packages/jest/README.md, before:

# @repobuddy/jest

[@repobuddy/jest] provides tools and utilities to manage your [jest] usage so you don't have to.

Turn your config from this:

```ts
export default {
  collectCoverageFrom: ['<rootDir>/ts/**/*.{js,jsx,cjs,mjs,ts,tsx,cts,mts}'],
  coveragePathIgnorePatterns: [
    /* ... */
  ],
  extensionsToTreatAsEsm: ['.ts', '.tsx', '.mts'],
  moduleNameMapper: {
    '^(\\.{1,2}/.*)\\.js$': '$1',
    /* ... and the ESM madness like `chalk` ... */
  },
  testEnvironment: 'node',
  testRegex: [
    /* ... */
  ],
  resolver: './cjs/resolver.js',
  roots: ['<rootDir>/ts'],
  transform: {
    '^.+\\.(ts|tsx|cts|mts)$': ['ts-jest', [{
      isolatedModules: true,
      useESM: true,
      diagnostics: {
        // https://github.com/kulshekhar/ts-jest/issues/3820
        ignoreCodes: [151001]
      }
    }]],
    '\\.m?jsx?$': 'jest-esm-transformer-2',
    /* ... more ESM madness ... */
  },
  transformIgnorePatterns: [],
  watchPlugins: [
    'jest-watch-suspend',
    ['jest-watch-toggle-config-2', { setting: 'collectCoverage' }],
    ['jest-watch-toggle-config-2', { setting: 'verbose' }],
    'jest-watch-typeahead/filename',
    'jest-watch-typeahead/testname'
  ]
}
```

to this:

```ts
export default {
  preset: '@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts-esm-watch'
}
```

## Install

```sh
# npm
npm install -D @repobuddy/jest

# yarn
yarn add -D @repobuddy/jest

# pnpm
pnpm add -D @repobuddy/jest

# rush
rush add -p @repobuddy/jest --dev
```

## Presets

[@repobuddy/jest] comes with a few presets:

- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts-cjs`
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts-cjs-watch`
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts-esm`
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts-esm-watch`
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/js-cjs`
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/js-cjs-watch`
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/js-esm`
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/js-esm-watch`

If you do not have any specific configs,
these presets should work without additional configuration.

Here are some highlights:

- all of the presets will automatically detects your source folder.
- uses [@repobuddy/jest/resolver] that handles [subpath imports][subpath-imports] correctly
- `cjs` uses [jest-esm-transformer-2] to transforms ESM dependencies.
- `ts` uses [ts-jest] with `isolatedModule: true`.
- `watch` uses these plugins by default:
  - [jest-watch-suspend]
  - [jest-watch-toggle-config-2]
  - [jest-watch-typeahead]

Since your project will only use a specific config,
none of these packages are marked as required peer dependencies.
You will need to add them to your project manually.

There will be a CLI tool in the future to help simplify that. Contribution welcome! 🍺

If you want to make some adjustments based on a particular preset,
you can import the preset and customize it like so:

```ts
import preset from '@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts-esm-watch'

export default {
  ...preset,
  moduleNameMapper: {
    ...preset.moduleNameMapper,
    // your customization
  }
}

// or using `deepmerge`
import preset from '@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts-esm-watch'
import deepmerge from 'deepmerge'

export default deepmerge(preset, {
  moduleNameMapper: {
    // your customization
  }
})
```

Besides customizing your config manually,
[@repobuddy/jest] exposes everything it uses,
so you can compose and customize them exactly the way you like.

## Configs

The configurations for specific use cases are exposed and available for you to compose the exact config that you need.

They can be predefined configs:

- [node](./ts/configs/node.ts)
- [electron](./ts/configs/electron.ts)
- [electronRenderer](./ts/configs/electron.ts)
- [jsdom](./ts/configs/jsdom.ts)
- [jsCjs](./ts/configs/javascript.ts)
- [jsEsm](./ts/configs/javascript.ts)
- [tsCjs](./ts/configs/typescript.ts)
- [tsEsm](./ts/configs/typescript.ts)

or functions prefixed with `config`:

- [configNode()](./ts/configs/node.ts)
- [configSource()](./ts/configs/configSource.ts)

## Fields

Fields are predefined fields or functions about a particular field of the [jest config](https://jestjs.io/docs/configuration).

They can be `define` functions, which provides type assistants to define the particular field:

- [defineTransform](./ts/fields/transform.ts)
- [defineWatchPlugins](./ts/fields/watchPlugins.ts)

They can be `known` configurations, which you can use to build your configuration easily:

- [knownExtensionsToTreatAsEsm](./ts/fields/extensionsToTrestAsEsm.ts)
- [knownRunners](./ts/fields/runner.ts)
- [knownTestEnvironments](./ts/fields/testEnvironment.ts)
- [knownTestEnvironmentOptions](./ts/fields/testEnvironment.ts)
- [knownTransforms](./ts/fields/transform.ts)
- [knownWatchPlugins](./ts/fields/watchPlugins.ts)

## Matchers

There are also matchers which you can use to extends the `expect()` function:

- [toSatisfies](./ts/matchers/toSatisfies.ts): Similar functionality provided by [assertron] and [satisfier]

Use `expect.extend({ toSatisfier })` to add it to your `expect()` function.

You can also do `import '@repobuddy/jest/matchers'` in your setup to import them automatically.

## Resolver

[@repobuddy/jest/resolver] fixes the ESM [subpath imports] issue,
by using [resolve.imports].

So you don't need to do crazy hacks like:

```ts
export default {
  moduleNameMapper: {
    '#(.*)': '$1'  // and this actually doesn't work in some cases
  },
  transformIgnorePatterns: [
    'node_modules/(?!(chalk|#ansi-styles)/)'
  ]
}
```

or even

```ts
const path = require('node:path')

const chalk = require.resolve('chalk')
const chalkRootDir = chalk.slice(0, chalk.lastIndexOf('chalk'))

module.exports = {
  // ...
  moduleNameMapper: {
    chalk,
    '#ansi-styles': path.join(
      chalkRootDir,
      'chalk/source/vendor/ansi-styles/index.js',
    ),
    '#supports-color': path.join(
      chalkRootDir,
      'chalk/source/vendor/supports-color/index.js',
    )
  }
}
```

Now all you need is:

```ts
export default {
  resolver: '@repobuddy/jest/resolver'
}
```

Or use one of the presets!

## Notes about Jest configs

### `transformIgnorePatterns`

[jest] could not understands ESM code.
And by default, the code under `node_modules` are not transformed.

To work with packages that are distributed as ESM,
one workaround is to use negative regex match in [transformIgnorePatterns] so that `jest` will actually transpile them.

However, it does not work with all package managers.
For example, it doesn't work with monorepo using [pnpm].
(the example in [jest docs][transformIgnorePatterns] only works for simple repo using [pnpm])

Therefore, for simplicity, [@repobuddy/jest] uses [jest-esm-transformer-2] to handle that and keep [transformIgnorePatterns] empty.

[@repobuddy/jest]: https://github.com/repobuddy/jest
[@repobuddy/jest/resolver]: ./ts/resolver.ts
[assertron]: https://github.com/unional/assertron
[jest-esm-transformer-2]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-esm-transformer-2
[jest-watch-suspend]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-watch-suspend
[jest-watch-toggle-config-2]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-watch-toggle-config-2
[jest-watch-typeahead]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-watch-typeahead
[jest]: https://jestjs.io
[pnpm]: https://pnpm.io/
[resolve.imports]: https://github.com/cyberuni/resolve.imports
[satisfier]: https://github.com/unional/satisfier
[subpath-imports]: https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#subpath-imports
[transformIgnorePatterns]: https://jestjs.io/docs/configuration#transformignorepatterns-arraystring
[ts-jest]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/ts-jest

Commit message:

feat: add `ts` and `ts-watch` presets

packages/jest/README.md, after:

# @repobuddy/jest

[@repobuddy/jest] provides tools and utilities to manage your [jest] usage so you don't have to.

Turn your config from this:

```ts
export default {
  collectCoverageFrom: ['<rootDir>/ts/**/*.{js,jsx,cjs,mjs,ts,tsx,cts,mts}'],
  coveragePathIgnorePatterns: [
    /* ... */
  ],
  extensionsToTreatAsEsm: ['.ts', '.tsx', '.mts'],
  moduleNameMapper: {
    '^(\\.{1,2}/.*)\\.js$': '$1',
    /* ... and the ESM madness like `chalk` ... */
  },
  testEnvironment: 'node',
  testRegex: [
    /* ... */
  ],
  resolver: './cjs/resolver.js',
  roots: ['<rootDir>/ts'],
  transform: {
    '^.+\\.(ts|tsx|cts|mts)$': ['ts-jest', [{
      isolatedModules: true,
      useESM: true,
      diagnostics: {
        // https://github.com/kulshekhar/ts-jest/issues/3820
        ignoreCodes: [151001]
      }
    }]],
    '\\.m?jsx?$': 'jest-esm-transformer-2',
    /* ... more ESM madness ... */
  },
  transformIgnorePatterns: [],
  watchPlugins: [
    'jest-watch-suspend',
    ['jest-watch-toggle-config-2', { setting: 'collectCoverage' }],
    ['jest-watch-toggle-config-2', { setting: 'verbose' }],
    'jest-watch-typeahead/filename',
    'jest-watch-typeahead/testname'
  ]
}
```

to this:

```ts
export default {
  preset: '@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts-esm-watch'
}
```

## Install

```sh
# npm
npm install -D @repobuddy/jest

# yarn
yarn add -D @repobuddy/jest

# pnpm
pnpm add -D @repobuddy/jest

# rush
rush add -p @repobuddy/jest --dev
```

## Presets

[@repobuddy/jest] comes with a few presets:

- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts`: auto detect if your project is CJS or ESM
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts-watch`: auto detect if your project is CJS or ESM
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts-cjs`
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts-cjs-watch`
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts-esm`
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts-esm-watch`
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/js-cjs`
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/js-cjs-watch`
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/js-esm`
- `@repobuddy/jest/presets/js-esm-watch`

If you do not have any specific configs,
these presets should work without additional configuration.

Here are some highlights:

- all of the presets will automatically detects your source folder.
- uses [@repobuddy/jest/resolver] that handles [subpath imports][subpath-imports] correctly
- `cjs` uses [jest-esm-transformer-2] to transforms ESM dependencies.
- `ts` uses [ts-jest] with `isolatedModule: true`.
- `watch` uses these plugins by default:
  - [jest-watch-suspend]
  - [jest-watch-toggle-config-2]
  - [jest-watch-typeahead]

Since your project will only use a specific config,
none of these packages are marked as required peer dependencies.
You will need to add them to your project manually.

There will be a CLI tool in the future to help simplify that. Contribution welcome! 🍺

If you want to make some adjustments based on a particular preset,
you can import the preset and customize it like so:

```ts
import preset from '@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts-esm-watch'

export default {
  ...preset,
  moduleNameMapper: {
    ...preset.moduleNameMapper,
    // your customization
  }
}

// or using `deepmerge`
import preset from '@repobuddy/jest/presets/ts-esm-watch'
import deepmerge from 'deepmerge'

export default deepmerge(preset, {
  moduleNameMapper: {
    // your customization
  }
})
```

Besides customizing your config manually,
[@repobuddy/jest] exposes everything it uses,
so you can compose and customize them exactly the way you like.

## Configs

The configurations for specific use cases are exposed and available for you to compose the exact config that you need.

They can be predefined configs:

- [node](./ts/configs/node.ts)
- [electron](./ts/configs/electron.ts)
- [electronRenderer](./ts/configs/electron.ts)
- [jsdom](./ts/configs/jsdom.ts)
- [jsCjs](./ts/configs/javascript.ts)
- [jsEsm](./ts/configs/javascript.ts)
- [tsCjs](./ts/configs/typescript.ts)
- [tsEsm](./ts/configs/typescript.ts)

or functions prefixed with `config`:

- [configNode()](./ts/configs/node.ts)
- [configSource()](./ts/configs/configSource.ts)

## Fields

Fields are predefined fields or functions about a particular field of the [jest config](https://jestjs.io/docs/configuration).

They can be `define` functions, which provides type assistants to define the particular field:

- [defineTransform](./ts/fields/transform.ts)
- [defineWatchPlugins](./ts/fields/watchPlugins.ts)

They can be `known` configurations, which you can use to build your configuration easily:

- [knownExtensionsToTreatAsEsm](./ts/fields/extensionsToTrestAsEsm.ts)
- [knownRunners](./ts/fields/runner.ts)
- [knownTestEnvironments](./ts/fields/testEnvironment.ts)
- [knownTestEnvironmentOptions](./ts/fields/testEnvironment.ts)
- [knownTransforms](./ts/fields/transform.ts)
- [knownWatchPlugins](./ts/fields/watchPlugins.ts)

## Matchers

There are also matchers which you can use to extends the `expect()` function:

- [toSatisfies](./ts/matchers/toSatisfies.ts): Similar functionality provided by [assertron] and [satisfier]

Use `expect.extend({ toSatisfier })` to add it to your `expect()` function.

You can also do `import '@repobuddy/jest/matchers'` in your setup to import them automatically.

## Resolver

[@repobuddy/jest/resolver] fixes the ESM [subpath imports] issue,
by using [resolve.imports].

So you don't need to do crazy hacks like:

```ts
export default {
  moduleNameMapper: {
    '#(.*)': '$1'  // and this actually doesn't work in some cases
  },
  transformIgnorePatterns: [
    'node_modules/(?!(chalk|#ansi-styles)/)'
  ]
}
```

or even

```ts
const path = require('node:path')

const chalk = require.resolve('chalk')
const chalkRootDir = chalk.slice(0, chalk.lastIndexOf('chalk'))

module.exports = {
  // ...
  moduleNameMapper: {
    chalk,
    '#ansi-styles': path.join(
      chalkRootDir,
      'chalk/source/vendor/ansi-styles/index.js',
    ),
    '#supports-color': path.join(
      chalkRootDir,
      'chalk/source/vendor/supports-color/index.js',
    )
  }
}
```

Now all you need is:

```ts
export default {
  resolver: '@repobuddy/jest/resolver'
}
```

Or use one of the presets!

## Notes about Jest configs

### `transformIgnorePatterns`

[jest] could not understands ESM code.
And by default, the code under `node_modules` are not transformed.

To work with packages that are distributed as ESM,
one workaround is to use negative regex match in [transformIgnorePatterns] so that `jest` will actually transpile them.

However, it does not work with all package managers.
For example, it doesn't work with monorepo using [pnpm].
(the example in [jest docs][transformIgnorePatterns] only works for simple repo using [pnpm])

Therefore, for simplicity, [@repobuddy/jest] uses [jest-esm-transformer-2] to handle that and keep [transformIgnorePatterns] empty.

[@repobuddy/jest]: https://github.com/repobuddy/jest
[@repobuddy/jest/resolver]: ./ts/resolver.ts
[assertron]: https://github.com/unional/assertron
[jest-esm-transformer-2]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-esm-transformer-2
[jest-watch-suspend]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-watch-suspend
[jest-watch-toggle-config-2]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-watch-toggle-config-2
[jest-watch-typeahead]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-watch-typeahead
[jest]: https://jestjs.io
[pnpm]: https://pnpm.io/
[resolve.imports]: https://github.com/cyberuni/resolve.imports
[satisfier]: https://github.com/unional/satisfier
[subpath-imports]: https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#subpath-imports
[transformIgnorePatterns]: https://jestjs.io/docs/configuration#transformignorepatterns-arraystring
[ts-jest]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/ts-jest
